Rewrite submission page (#2627)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Submission/en.md

# Submission

> Beatmaps can be uploaded to the osu! website via the in-game editor. Uploading a beatmap allows the beatmap to receive attention from other users and potentially enter the Ranked or Loved beatmap categories. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmaps) can be submitted to the osu! website via the [in-game editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor). Submitting a beatmap allows it to receive attention from other users and potentially enter the [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmaps#ranked) or [Loved](/wiki/Beatmaps#loved) categories.
```
uploaded => submitted just so we use the article title here, and link new terms

> ## Submission

Reviewer: remove this

> `Upload Beatmap...` from the `File` dropdown in the editor (shortcut: `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `U`) will open the "Beatmap Submission System" (BSS) window. This initially displays lists resources for users to ensure their maps are suitable for ranking, ask mapping-related questions, and find feedback for their beatmaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selecting `Upload Beatmap...` from the `File` dropdown in the editor (shortcut: `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `U`) will open the **Beatmap Submission System** (***BSS***) window. This initially lists resources to help users ask mapping-related questions, find feedback for their beatmaps, and ensure their maps are suitable for ranking.
```
parallelism isn't too great here but u can get away with it if u put the irregular phrase last 💭 
and bolded the main topic of article

> ### Warning Screen

Reviewer: i dont think this needs to be its own section, u already talk about part of this screen in the prev paragraph

just remove the header and it works fine

If the beatmap a user is uploading is not already on the osu! website, the BSS window will state how many new uploads a user can publish. If the beatmap is nominated, the window warns that the nomination will be reset by updating the beatmap. If the beatmap is in the graveyard, the window warns that the beatmap will be raised to the pending beatmaps category.

> ![Beatmap Submission System warning screen](bss_warning.jpg "Beatmap Submission System warning screen")

Reviewer: "Beatmap Submission System screen" should be good enough for what it's showing
and move this above the `Upload beatmap...` paragraph
and also put the image into an `img/` folder here + change link
and also it's .png not jpg

> ### Submission Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Submission options
```

When clicking the `Update Beatmap!` button, a user will be presented with the choice of uploading their beatmap to the `Work In Progress (WIP)/Help` or `Pending Beatmaps` categories. WIP beatmaps cannot be nominated for ranking, while pending beatmaps can.

> The `Creator's Words` section allows for user input that appears alongside the beatmap's website listing page. This supports `BBCode` formatting.

Reviewer 2: I think it'd be helpful to link BBCode to https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/BBCode

Two checkboxes appear near the bottom of the window. The first says `Receive email notification on reply`, which adds the beatmap to the user's [modding watchlist](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/watches). The second says `Load in browser after submission`, which will load the beatmap's listing page.

> ![Beatmap Submission System uploading screen](bss_submitting.jpg "Beatmap Submission System uploading screen")

Reviewer: img/ + move to right below the submission options header + jpg=>png

> ### Limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Limitations
```

Beatmaps will fail to submit if they exceed the online file size limit. That limit is 5MB plus an additional 10MB for every minute of beatmap length, and it caps at 100MB.

> Users can have a limited number of pending beatmaps at a time. The limit varies depending on how many ranked beatmaps a user has and whether or not they currently have [osu!supporter](https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/osu!supporter). Users without osu!supporter can have 4 pending beatmaps plus 1 per ranked beatmap (up to 2). With osu!supporter, this increases to 8 pending beatmaps plus 1 per ranked beatmap (up to 12).

Reviewer 2: This is wrong, supporter's max is 20 now. I don't know the particulars of how non-supporter or number of ranked beatmaps currently plays into this though.

Author: 8 pending + 12 ranked map bonuses is 20? am i misinterpreting something

Reviewer 2: O. The way it's  written comes off as 8 going up to a max of 12 (so capping after 4 ranked maps)

for a total of up to 20?
